in order to use chinese in our database, we must be using
UTF8 when creating the database.

data types:
- char(n): fixed length string of size n but if not fully filled, 
fill with empty space
-varchar(n): not fixed length, don't use empty space to fill

6 types of restrcitions:
1.primary key
2.foreign key
3.unique
4.check
5.default
6.not null / null

when dropping columns:
if we do 
ALTER TABLE student DROP COLUMN name restric t

It means that any othe table that reference to the deleted name col,
will not be deleted
However if we do DROP COLUMN name CASCADE,
any other table that reference that name will be deleted as well.

Inner join -  gives everything in common between tables
left join - gives everything in common between tables plus
all the info on the left table and the corresponding right hand info
from right table would be all null

we can create user and grant or revoke their status to access or operate on databases

we can use CREATE VIEW to save our query results
and we can use it as a regular table later.

we can create index(similar to hashmap) to speed up the process of search
CREATE INDEX name ON table name(col name)

we can use Trigger to auto perform assigned opertaions BEFORE or AFTER 
it is trigger by the operationst such as INSERT UPDATE or deleted
INSERT - new stuff will be inserted to new ; 
DELETE - old stuff will be in old. We can get the data that will be deleted
in the old table.
UPDATE - old stuff will be in old. New stuff in new table
for exmaple
CREATE TRIGGER t BEFORE DELETE ON student FOR EACH ROW DELETE FROM 
teach where old.sid = teach.sid
we have tables student to store info of all student. And table
teach to store studentID and teacherID. Every time when we try to delete
anything from student, the trigger t will be performed BEFORE.
It will frist remove all rows in teach that has same studentID
from the student we want to DELETE. 

Innodb is a engine that allows us to perform operations 
such as save a state of the database and we can return back
to the previous point

To start a reversable work (; is not optional)
begin;
...blah blah ur commands
at this point the database will not acutally update in the real mySQL 
now we have to do the below to finalize the change
commit;

Other useful commands:
To return back to the last check point
rollback; 

save current state of database:
savepoint (name of the saving point)

return back to a spiecifc saving point:
rollback to (saving point name)

Note that after commit, we cannot do roll back.
